README.md, before:

# guard-collection

- Collection of configuration for [guard.nvim](https://github.com/nvimdev/guard.nvim)
- Feel free to open PRs! By adding your favourite dev tool, you are helping others that need it. You may find [this documentation](https://github.com/nvimdev/guard-collection/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) helpful.
- Items with checkbox unchecked are supported but don't have a test yet. (help wanted!)

## Formatters

- `lsp` using `vim.lsp.buf.format`
- [x] [autopep8](https://github.com/hhatto/autopep8)
- [x] [black](https://github.com/psf/black)
- [ ] [cbfmt](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/cbfmt)
- [x] [clang-format](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/process/clang-format.html)
- [ ] [djhtml](https://github.com/rtts/djhtml)
- [ ] [dprint](https://dprint.dev/)
- [ ] [fish_indent](https://fishshell.com/docs/current/cmds/fish_indent.html)
- [ ] [fnlfmt](https://git.sr.ht/~technomancy/fnlfmt)
- [ ] [gofmt](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/gofmt)
- [ ] [golines](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/segmentio/golines)
- [ ] [google-java-format](https://github.com/google/google-java-format)
- [ ] [isort](https://github.com/PyCQA/isort)
- [ ] [ktlint](https://github.com/pinterest/ktlint)
- [x] [latexindent](https://github.com/cmhughes/latexindent.pl)
- [ ] [mixformat](https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/)
- [ ] [nixfmt](https://github.com/serokell/nixfmt)
- [ ] [ormolu](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/ormolu)
- [ ] [pg_format](https://github.com/darold/pgFormatter)
- [x] [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
- [ ] [rubocop](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop)
- [x] [rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt)
- [ ] [shfmt](https://github.com/mvdan/sh)
- [x] [stylua](https://github.com/JohnnyMorganz/StyLua)
- [ ] [swiftformat](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat)
- [ ] [swift-format](https://github.com/apple/swift-format)
- [x] [sql-formatter](https://github.com/sql-formatter-org/sql-formatter)
- [x] [yapf](https://github.com/google/yapf)

## Linters

- [x] [clang-tidy](https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/)
- [ ] [codespell](https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell)
- [ ] [eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [ ] [eslint_d](https://github.com/mantoni/eslint_d.js)
- [x] [flake8](https://github.com/PyCQA/flake8)
- [ ] [hadolint](https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint)
- [x] [ktlint](https://github.com/pinterest/ktlint)
- [x] [luacheck](https://github.com/lunarmodules/luacheck)
- [x] [pylint](https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint)
- [ ] [rubocop](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop)
- [x] [selene](https://github.com/Kampfkarren/selene)
- [ ] [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)
- [ ] [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/)

## License MIT

Commit message:

add ruff linter,formatter (#21)
* add ruff linter,formatter

* update readme

* fix ruff formatter test

* add ruff --fix

* Update README.md

* stylua

README.md, after:

# guard-collection

- Collection of configuration for [guard.nvim](https://github.com/nvimdev/guard.nvim)
- Feel free to open PRs! By adding your favourite dev tool, you are helping others that need it. You may find [this documentation](https://github.com/nvimdev/guard-collection/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) helpful.
- Items with checkbox unchecked are supported but don't have a test yet. (help wanted!)

## Formatters

- `lsp` using `vim.lsp.buf.format`
- [x] [autopep8](https://github.com/hhatto/autopep8)
- [x] [black](https://github.com/psf/black)
- [ ] [cbfmt](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/cbfmt)
- [x] [clang-format](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/process/clang-format.html)
- [ ] [djhtml](https://github.com/rtts/djhtml)
- [ ] [dprint](https://dprint.dev/)
- [ ] [fish_indent](https://fishshell.com/docs/current/cmds/fish_indent.html)
- [ ] [fnlfmt](https://git.sr.ht/~technomancy/fnlfmt)
- [ ] [gofmt](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/gofmt)
- [ ] [golines](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/segmentio/golines)
- [ ] [google-java-format](https://github.com/google/google-java-format)
- [ ] [isort](https://github.com/PyCQA/isort)
- [ ] [ktlint](https://github.com/pinterest/ktlint)
- [x] [latexindent](https://github.com/cmhughes/latexindent.pl)
- [ ] [mixformat](https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/)
- [ ] [nixfmt](https://github.com/serokell/nixfmt)
- [ ] [ormolu](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/ormolu)
- [ ] [pg_format](https://github.com/darold/pgFormatter)
- [x] [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
- [ ] [rubocop](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop)
- [x] [rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt)
- [ ] [shfmt](https://github.com/mvdan/sh)
- [x] [stylua](https://github.com/JohnnyMorganz/StyLua)
- [ ] [swiftformat](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat)
- [ ] [swift-format](https://github.com/apple/swift-format)
- [x] [sql-formatter](https://github.com/sql-formatter-org/sql-formatter)
- [x] [yapf](https://github.com/google/yapf)
- [x] [ruff](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff) as `ruff format`
- [x] [ruff_fix](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff) as `ruff --fix`


## Linters

- [x] [clang-tidy](https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/)
- [ ] [codespell](https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell)
- [ ] [eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [ ] [eslint_d](https://github.com/mantoni/eslint_d.js)
- [x] [flake8](https://github.com/PyCQA/flake8)
- [ ] [hadolint](https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint)
- [x] [ktlint](https://github.com/pinterest/ktlint)
- [x] [luacheck](https://github.com/lunarmodules/luacheck)
- [x] [pylint](https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint)
- [ ] [rubocop](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop)
- [x] [selene](https://github.com/Kampfkarren/selene)
- [ ] [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)
- [ ] [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/)
- [x] [ruff](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)

## License MIT
